Handle multiple input files - close #162 (#172)
jonschlinkert/markdown-toc: .verb.md

```
Usage: markdown-toc [options] <input>

>   input:        The Markdown files to parse for table of contents,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  input:        The Markdown file(s) to parse for table of contents,
```

                or "-" to read from stdin.

>   -i:           Edit the <input> files directly, injecting the TOC at <!-- toc -->;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -i:           Edit the <input> file(s) directly, injecting the TOC at <!-- toc -->;
```
